Updates for KES release on 2024-02-29 (#54)
minio/kes-docs: content/tutorials/getting-started.md

     export PATH=$PATH:@HOME/minio-binaries/
     ```

   **Important:** 
   

>    - Windows: Invoke the Windows executable file from the terminal, PowerShell, or Command Prompt.

Reviewer: an idea that might help call out these a little more
```suggestion
   - For Windows: Invoke the Windows executable file from the terminal, PowerShell, or Command Prompt.
```

Author: Sure

     You cannot double click the file from the Windows graphical user interface.

>    - MacOS: Create an exception to allow MacOS to open the executable downloaded from the Internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For MacOS: Create an exception to allow MacOS to open the executable downloaded from the Internet.
```

Reviewer: Technically the current product name is styled `macOS` but I'm not sure if it's worth hunting down all these right now.

Author: VS Code provides a nice search, so I went ahead and fixed throughout the KES docs.

Reviewer: Apple trademark lawyers thank you very much!

To upgrade KES, follow the getting started steps and replace the KES binary with the newer version on each KES server node.

{{< admonition type="important" >}}

> After upgrading to release `2024-02-29T08-12-28Z` or later, you cannot revert to a release prior to `2024-02-29T08-12-28Z` due to changes in how KES processes ciphertext.

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
Due to changes in how KES processes ciphertext, it is not possible to revert to an earlier version after upgrading to release `2024-02-29T08-12-28Z` or later.
```
 I guess we could include a "test in a lower environment" mention also.

Author: This is much, much better. Thanks!
Added a lower environment sentence, too.
